we're getting our first look at the
Tidewater 320 custom so 32 foot wide
beam center console boat and as you can
see it really is custom this boats also
loaded with fishing features so forward
to the console we've got this beautiful
LeBrock lounger inside the console is a
compact cabin that not only has a head
but also a small berth the forward
section here is alive well so in this
side of the console we've got a tackle
storage compartment a sink and the live
well there's another live well here in
the transom and on the day you catch a
really big fish you'll be glad this boat
as a dive door we left the dock we use
the Yamaha master joystick and made it
really easy to get out here on this game
day now we're going to really see how
this boat handles some rough waters
Wow it was really rough out there on the
bay but it was a great way to test this
Tidewater Hall and the excellent bow
flare in flat water with twin Yamaha
350s this boat will run 59 miles an hour
read more about it on boats calm boat
insurance a key knighted marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters